(DOCSP-21900): Query > Aggregate (#1877)
mongodb/docs-realm: source/sdk/dotnet/examples/mongodb-remote-access.txt

`Aggregation <https://www.mongodb.com/docs/manual/aggregation/>`_ enables complex 
querying of your data in MongoDB. Aggregation operations run all
documents in a collection through a series of data aggregation stages

> called an :manual:`aggregation pipeline </core/aggregation-pipeline>` that allow

Reviewer: ```suggestion
called an :manual:`aggregation pipeline </core/aggregation-pipeline>`. This allows
```

Nit: Long sentence - would be good for readability to break it into two, but I don't feel strongly about how to start the second sentence.

Reviewer: Ahh, after continuing the review, I see that the Java page has this in two sentences already, but this long sentence exists in the other SDKs - maybe apply that change across all of these similar docs?
